period of Elizabeth's life, when she was in her 20s, her 40s, and her 60s.
In 1933, as a senior advisor, as early as the sound or the high-tech house, when she was a senior advisor, she began an exchange of letters with Donald Stanford, who later became an editor of the Southern Review.
dated October 29, 1933.
I'm a senior here, taking mostly what we wrongly call independent studies in English and also in Greek.
The nicest thing I'm doing, I guess, is a translation of Aristophanes' Suburbs into English verse.
As the old lady who supertends this,
believes the ideal translation was the halfway between Gilbert Murray and T.S.
Eliot, with nothing cute in it, and rather hard.
There, she and Sandra were exchanging letters about their columns, their current production, published by Hounds and Horns, a marvelous magazine of the 30s, which
edited by Richard Blackman and which was founded by William Kirstie.
She says to Seneca, what on earth do you mean when you say my perceptions are, quote, almost impossible for a woman?
Now what the hell has you said to me?
You know that's meaningless.
And if you really do mean anything by it, I imagine it would make me very angry.
Is there some glandular reason which prevents a woman from having good perceptions or what?
It's a wonderful cold night here.
I live up in a tower.
the elaborate Victorian iron railings.
It's a very nice spot to smoke a dishonest cigarette.
We are gradually filling the roof gutters with butts.
A month later she writes to one of her oldest friends, Franny Blau.
Franny had gone to the Walnut Hill
the rest of their lives training with a tremendous help to me in editing the book of letters this is december 12 1933 i'm i'm pretty sick of college and the things i'm doing don't make good letters this awful cloud that hangs over senior year thinking all the time where shall i be next year
giving the birds the third hall, so I want to get it done.
I think you'd like it.
It goes very fast, and the box is really very entertaining.
In a few days, I'm to read what's done of the birds to the classical society.
What glory.
I think those two old ladies, just wait till I can't wait, the obscene parts.
I found out to my
the Masa librarian, is a friend of Marion Moore.
She offered to write me a letter if I wanted to go to see her, and I'm so surprised at this point.
She first met Marion Moore when the poet was a little girl who had brilliant red hair and called everyone she knew by the names of animals.
That, in a way, changed her life.
She did go see her.
She met her outside of the reference room of the New York Public Library on the fence on the right-hand side of the doorway.
Momentous meeting.
Now, 20 years later, in her 40s, Elizabeth is in South America.
She's living with a lot of salaris who has two houses.
One is an apartment house down on Copacabana Beach.
And the other is a modern building, some of the process of construction, up near Petropolis.
Petropolis was the summer residence of the imperial family of the old days.
And she had the topmost point.
Elizabeth said, clouds came in the windows.
Oh, hi.
wife, Hilza, was a novelist.
She wrote under the name of Hilza Gross, and she's got a very, very close friend for those of us.
This is dated Rio, Sunday a.m., May 24, 1953.
It is hot in Rio and heavy, and the heat is covered with
and saw just at the water's edge where the sand was wet what looked like a large glowing coal or the remains of a small fire.
The breakers came right up to it, almost around it, and it throbbed and glowed.
I thought it must be some kind of red phosphorescent jellyfish.
I could stand it no longer and went down 11 floors in the elevator and crossed the street and waited down to the water
and waited down in the water to stand.
Someone had dug a little pit about 18 inches deep.
At the bottom of it, there was a lighted candle.
We don't know whether it was just as quick for someone to watch from an apartment like me to see how high the tide came or something.
Or maybe it was some kind of macumba, woo-doo.
We see them around the outskirts of town.
Usually there was a bottle of wine and a dead chicken and bits of red wool, etc.
The nicest thing I saw on a drive yesterday was a man trying to sell papayas by the roadside.
He had them hung up by strings like a little clothesline and was seated beside them on the ground.
And as each car approached, he raised an old bugle to his mouth, blew a bugle call,
years outside of that, and pointed majestically at the line of big, sagging yellow groups.
I think they are all slightly crazy around here.
The cliche remark about Brazilians.
We stopped to buy orange juice on our trip, and while we bought, the men put a record on an old wind-up
Alcovaccia is just the correct name of Lava's Place, or rather Alcovacina, Little Alcovaccia.
It's named for an album place in Portugal famous for wine meaning high place.
Sometimes we get wine without label.
But Rio is the only address that will reach me for male things.
My Anglo-Semitism is really shocked by the male's
while you are reading Lorna Dune, I've been hearing bad reading Dickens.
I really never had very much, and I polished off Martin Chussell with great expectations, all of a twist, and as U.S.
travels, guaranteed to raise my fever.
How did George Orwell say that Dickens was just being fair?
But then Orwell was never in the United States, and Edward Wilson says he asked if it wasn't
Americans had no separate words for insects, but called them all folks.
Now I'm in a tale of two cities.
It's the energy, the amount Dickens just threw away.
Well, you didn't think all U.S.
people were barbarians, did you?
That cheered me up sometimes after listening to them here.
I think the cliches about the U.S.
are about
Before we know, culturally, oh well, three dots.
And see as the post-script.
P.S.
We have a new maid here named Judith, pronounced .
Elizabeth's name was pronounced .
I keep wanting to ask her to bring in the head, please.
to the same people, mostly to Ilse.
He was really writing to Ilse rather than to kids.
I had my library of what was left of it after having it handed around for 10 years, shipped here, as I have told you.
And between us, I suppose we have about 3,000 books now.
One just has to, really.
Since there isn't much in the way of libraries here, I do get books all the time through.
I do get
and they almost eliminated us here.
But I am working my way through the travel section, and Lana has exhausted all the works on compost.
We have started a correspondence even with a mad woman in England who believes in radiations.
I must tell you more about her.
Indian names, etc.
And they are almost impossibly difficult.
And he has explained a great many words to her that she never knew about before.
On the same trip that we took to Urukwecho, he explains all the place names and so on, things we had tried and tried to find out about and failed.
Of course, he hates the Baroque
when they come to put in gas and water mains, everything's so crooked.
A lot of said, ah-ah, Mr. B. They knew perfectly well they were never going to put in gas and water mains.
But in general,
I did it one rainy day, the first thing I ever wrote right along on a typewriter.
necessary to lay the floor, and so on.
And another letter from you all.
You have no idea what it is to build a house here.
This is Lotta's third, I think maybe fourth, so she's pretty good at it.
But so many things have to be imported.
Everything has to be improvised as you go along, and everything keeps giving out.
This is the first floor to be laid.
We have been living on cement all this time, as I have told you, before the door
very excited to put the mayor to stop and very very kindly arrived with a black goo no more in the top of us I left Lana having a terrific argument with Jose the head workman who looked exactly like a young Ferendel the French comedian our individual cesspool was being installed for Lana's in my own super bathroom
A lot of things, a 15-degree drop in the pipes isn't enough, and with screaming away, I was saying, you know, perfectly well, it's enough to just pee-pee, but not enough for pee-pee and cocoa, too.
That is exactly the way Portuguese and Brazilians talk, and I'm getting quite accustomed to it.
I find that all this frankness makes it much easier to get along with the people than it used to be in New England.
Or am I just getting old
In such a direct way, it was amazing.
And then the contrast, at least as I thought, between traditional Japanese acting and extreme naturalism, three dots.
I'm so sick of retyping my first story.
This is in the village.
And my general agreement is that it's called a masterpiece.
I gave up after long correspondence with the New Yorker last January.
Now I've redone a little, but will concede not another comma for clarity's sake.
And although I know they really want it, if they don't accept immediately, I'm going to send it to Battego's guru.
One tired of typing even a masterpiece, I find.
And the last letter has a little rather interesting background.
It's a letter to a stranger.
And it was sent me by Jimmy Merrill.
All we know is that the recipient was a Miss Pearson.
We don't know what her first name is.
And he said it was handed to him.
He was participating in a, you know, a book signing thing in Amherst.
so I'm interested and he tried to find out where it came from and how the man got it and so on, but he was never going to have a track of that.
But here's the letter.
It was written on May 28, 1975.
She was 64.
And it was a young woman who wanted to be a poet.
And here's a very pragmatic response.
I am answering you because, one, you
Two, you think that poetry assessment groups are a bloody bore.
And although there are exceptions in general, I agree with you completely.
Then in the margins you wrote, but perhaps by three you meant the family poem about one's grandfather or how
forms, which one can use or not as one sees fit.
If you feel you are moralizing too much, just cut the morals off or out.
Quite often, young poets tend to try to tie everything up neatly in two or three beautiful last lines, and it's quite surprising how the poems are improved if the poet can bear to sacrifice those last past beautiful lines.
Your third problem, why shouldn't the poet appear in the poem?
There are several tricks.
I, or we, or he, or she, or one, or somebody's name.
Someone is talking after all.
But of course the idea is to prevent that particular mother voice from growing monotonous.
It all came afterwards, obviously.
And I always ask my writing classes not to read criticism.
I read a lot of poetry all the time and not 20th century poetry.
We can't forget Herbert, Pope, Tennyson, Coleridge, anything at all, almost any good from the past.
until you find out what you really like for yourself.
Even if you try to imitate it exactly, it will come out quite different.
Then the great poets of our own century, Marianne Moore, Gordon, Marlowe Stevens, and not just two or three poems each in anthologies, read all of somebody.
Then read his or her life, and letters, and so on, and by all means,
read pieces, letters, then see what happens.
That's really all I can say.
It can't be done, apparently, by willpower and study alone, or by being, quote, with it.
But I just don't know how politically
I'm going to read several poems.
The first is First Death of Nova Scotia.
In a cold, cold parlor, my mother laid out Arthur beneath the chromographs.
Edward, Prince of Wales, with Princess Alexandra, and King George, with Queen Mary.
Below them, on the table, stood a stuffed loon, shocked and stuffed by Uncle Arthur, Arthur's father.
Since Uncle Arthur fired a bullet into him, he hadn't said a word.
He kept his own counsel on his white
frozen lake, the marble-topped table.
His breast was deep and white, cold and caressable.
His arms were red glass, much to be desired.
Come, says my mother, come and say goodbye to your little cousin Arthur.
I was lifted up and given one lily of the valley
who put in Arthur's hand.
Arthur's caution was a little frozen cake, frosted cake, and a red-eyed moon idol from his white, frozen lake.
Arthur was very small.
He was all white, like a doll that hadn't been painted yet.
Jack Frost had started bettering him the way he always painted the maple leaf.
forever.
He had dust begun on his hair, a few red strokes, and then Jack Frost had dropped the brush and left him white forever.
The gracious, royal couples were warm in red and ermine.
Their feet were well wrapped up in the ladies' ermine train.
They invited Arthur to being the smallest page at court.
But how could Arthur go, clutching his tiny lily with his eyes shut up so tight and the roads deep in snow?
These poems vary marvelously in tone.
This is a very different type of poem.
Love lies sleeping.
earliest morning switching all the tracks that cross the sky from cinder star to star coupling the ends of streets to trains of light now draw us into daylight in our bed and clear away what stresses on the brain put out the neon shapes that float and swell and glare down the gray avenue between the eyes in pinks and yellows
letters and twitching signs, tan over moons, wane, wane.
From the window I see an immense city, carefully revealed, made delicate by overworkmanship, detail upon detail, cornice upon facade, reaching so languidly up into a weak white sky, it seems to waver there.
where it will slowly groan in skies of water glass.
From fused beads of iron and copper crystals, the little chemical garden in a jar trembles and spans again, pale blue, blueberry, and breaks.
The stars hurriedly begin their play.
Then, in the west, boom, and a cloud of smoke.
Boom.
and with floating ball the blossom blooms again.
And all the employees who work in plants where such a sound says, danger, or once said, death, turn in their sleep and feel the short hairs bristling on backs and necks.
The cloud of smoke moves off, a shirt is taken off a thread like clothesline.
Along the streets below, the water wagon comes,
throwing its hissing snowy fan across key rings and newspapers.
The water-dry, light-dry, dark-wet, the pattern of the cool watermelon.
I hear the day-springs of the morning strikes from stony walls and halls and iron beds, scattered with root cascades, alarmed for the expected, queer cupids of all persons blowing up
whose evening meals they will prepare all day.
You will dine well on his heart, on his and his.
So send them about your business affectionately, dragging in the streets their unique love.
Scourge them with rose and only.
Be like the helium, for all wait to one or several morning comes, who is good.
has fallen over the edge of his bed, whose face is turned so that the image of the city grows down into his open eye, inverted and distorted.
No, I mean distorted and revealed, if perceived at all.
This column is entitled Four Columns, and it's four points together.
Marian's Earring and Our Love and Voice of History.
One Conversation.
The tumult in the heart keeps asking questions, and then it stops and undertakes to answer in the same tone of voice.
No one could tell the difference.
Uninnocent these conversations start and then engage the senses only half meaning to.
And then there is no point.
And then there is no sense.
Until a name and all its connotations are the same.
To ring towards morning.
The great light
The cage has broken up in the air, freeing, I think, about a million birds whose wild ascending shadows will not be back, and all the wires come falling down.
No cage, no frightening birds, the rain is brightening now.
The fate is pale, the tribes, the puzzle of their prudence, and solved it with an unexpected kiss.
whose freckled, unprespected hands are lit.
3.
While someone telephones.
Wasted, wasted minutes that couldn't be worth minutes of a barbaric condescension.
There out the bathroom window at the fir trees at their dark needles, increasing to no purpose, wouldn't be crystallized.
and where two fireflies are only lost.
Here nothing but a train that goes by, must go by, like tension.
Nothing.
And we wait.
Maybe even now, these minutes host emerging some relaxed, uncondescending stranger.
The heart leaps.
And while the fireflies are failing to illuminate these nightmare trees,
might say not being his green, gay eyes.
Oh, oh, breath.
Beneath that loved and celebrated breath, silent, poor, really, blindly vain, grieves, maybe, lives and lets live, passes, sets, hoping movies, but inevitably.
And with what clamor, why restrained, I cannot fathom even a ripple.
See the fins flying of nine black hairs, four around one, five the other little, flying almost intolerably on your own breath.
Equivocal.
But what we have in common bound to be there, whatever we must own equivalence for,
Something that maybe I could bargain with and make a separate piece beneath, within, if never with.
I'll end with a familiar social prose poem called 12 o'clock news, and it's the landscape of your desktop.
Well, you have to imagine it's kind of old-fashioned desktop, like where there
Gooseneck Lamp, ink bottle and an old fashioned eraser that had that needle under through.
12 o'clock noon, Gooseneck Lamp.
As you all know, tonight is the night of the full moon, half the world over.
But here the moon seems to hang motionless in the sky.
It gives very little light.
It could be dense.
Visibility is poor.
Nevertheless, we shall try to give you some idea of the lay of the land as the present situation.
The escarpment that rises abruptly from the central plain is in heavy shadow, but the elaborate terracing of its southern places gleams faintly in a grim light like fish-tail.
What endless labor those small, peculiarly shaped terraces represent?
And yet, on them, the welfare of this tiny principality depends.
A pile of manuscripts
A slight landslide occurred in the northwest about an hour ago.
The exposed soil appeared to be of poor quality, almost white, calcareous, but staleous.
There are believed to have been no casualties.
Tight sheet.
Almost due north, our aerial reconnaissance reports the discovery of a large rectangular field.
Unknown to us, obviously man-made, it is dark echoed.
And there's a place, a cemetery, an envelope.
In this small, backward country, one of the most backward left in the world today, communications are crude and industrialization and its products almost non-existent.
Things to say, however, sign boards are on a truly gigantic scale.
We have also received reports of a mysterious, oddly-shaped black structure at an undisclosed distance to the east.
Its presence was revealed only because its highly polished surface touches such feeble moonlight as prevails.
The natural resources of this country seem far from completely known to us.
There is the possibility that this may be or may contain some powerful and horrifying secret weapon.
On the other hand, given what we do know or have learned from our anthropologists and sociologists about this people, it may well be nothing more than a new man or great altar recently erected to one of their gods, to which, in their presence, the start of a state of superstition and hopelessness may attribute magical powers and may even regard as a savior one last hope of rescue from their grave difficulty.
Typewriter is great, sir.
At last, one of the elusive natives has been spotted.
He appears to be, rather to have been, a unicyclist courier, who may have met his end by falling from the height of the escorts because of the deceptive illumination.
Alive, he would have been small, but undoubtedly proud and erect, with the thick, briskly black hair typical of the Indian,
Ashtray.
From our superior vantage point, we can clearly see into a sort of dugout, possibly a shell crater, a nest of soldiers.
They line heaped together, wearing the camouflage battle dress intended for winter warfare.
They are in immediately contorted positions, all dead.
We can make out an ace body.
These uniforms were designed to be used in guerrilla warfare on the country's warm, snow-covered mountain peaks.
The fact that these poor soldiers are wearing them here on the plain gives further proof, if proof were necessary, either of the childishness and hopeless impracticality of this inscrutable people, our opponent, or of the bad corruption of their leaders.
I'm going to read two passages.
One, an excerpt from a letter, one paragraph, and a long poem of the movie.
They're very ambitious and even emotionally draining, remarkably candid letters in the book.
But the excerpt I'm going to read is funny.
But it suggests the element that I think one feels constantly to these letters of how she
create these very short, often short, vivid portraits that are funny and suggest a whole world of experiences on her part and of irony about herself.
So this is the letter.
It's from a letter to Robert Lowe, April 26, 1960.
Next week, I'm going on another short trip, three or four days.
down the coast to a place that one can only get you by boat.
So no one ever goes, of course.
It's supposed to be perfect in two century timing.
And the time comes up the streets every day and goes down again, no hotel.
Lotta refuses to have anything to do with anything resilient or primitive, you know.
She said she wants something more civilized rather than less when she goes sadly.
So I'm going with two neighbors
One is the father of a childhood friend of Lada's.
He's almost 80.
And the other is his boyfriend of over 40 years, who's about 65.
A huge, Viking-like German with a brain and soul of a small girl of eight.
Really, kind of see William should come here.
But please don't suggest it.
They are amazing, however.
Never a cross word in all these years.
And they are ten times my answer.
And are stupid as stupid.
And will make a lovely trio.
The book is full of that kind of sort of pleasure on the run, in passing.
I don't think that couple ever shows up again in the book.
This is the moose.
For gracious
Boomer's Valley.
From narrow provinces of fish and bread and tea, home of the long tide, where the bay leaves the sea twice a day and takes the herring to long rise.
Where the river enters or retreats in a wall of brown tones, the paradise that meets the bay coming in,
The bay not at home.
Where's tilted red.
Sometimes the sun sets facing a red sea.
And others.
Veins.
The flat lavender rich mud.
In burning rigolus.
A red gravelly rose.
Down rose of sugar naples.
Past clattered fawn houses and naples.
Clattered churches.
Bleached.
Rich to squam shells.
past twenty silver birches.
Through late afternoon, a bus journeyed west, the windshield flashing pink, a pink glancing off of metal, brushing the feathers like a blue bee-duck enamel.
Down hollows, up rises, and awake patience, while a lone traveler gives kisses and embraces to seven relatives
and a collie supervises.
Goodbye to the elms, to the farm, to the dogs, to our stars.
The light grows richer.
The fog, shifting, salty, thin, comes closing in.
As cold, round crystals form, its lines settle in the white hen's feathers, in gray, gray as cabbages.
On the cabbage roses,
The lupins like a foxhole.
The sweet peas cling to their wet, white stream on the whitewashed hensi.
Bumblebees creep inside the foxholes, and evening commences.
One stop at Bass River.
Then the economy, lower, middle, upper.
Five islands, five houses, where a woman shakes the tablecloth out at the supper
Hail, winter, gone.
The tantrum on marshes, and the smell of salt haze.
An iron bridge trembles, and a loose length plank rattles, but doesn't get wet.
On the left, a red light swims to the dark.
A ship port lantern, two rubber boots show, illuminated foam.
The dog gives one bark.
A woman climbed in with two markets at it, brisk, freckled, elderly.
A girl, you know, yes, sir, all the way to Boston.
She regards him amicably.
Moonlight, as we entered a new brunch with woods, hairy, scratchy, splintery, moonlighting mist caught in them
like lambswool on bushes in a pasture.
The passengers fly back, snoring, some long sighs.
A dreamy delegation begins in the night.
A gentle, auditory, slow hallucination.
In the creaking, the noises
An old conversation, not concerning us, but recognizable somewhere back in the bus.
Strategy on the voices, talking interruptively, talking in eternity.
Names being mentioned, things cleared out finally.
What he said, what she said, who got attention?
Death.
Death and sickness.
The year she remarried.
The year something happened.
She died in childhood.
That was the sun walked in the schooner's office.
He took to drink.
Yes.
She went to the bath.
When Amos began to pray, even in the store, and finally the family had to put him away.
Yes.
That peculiar affirmation is
Short, indrawn breath.
Half grown, half accepted.
The knee, like that.
We know it.
Off of death.
Talking, the way they talk.
In the old feathered edge, peacefully.
On, gnawing.
Getting a lamp light in the hall.
Down the kitchen, the dog tucked through the shoulder.
Now,
It's all right now, even as long as sleep.
Just as on all those turns.
Suddenly, the bike rider stops with a jolt that turns off his light.
A moose has come out of the impenetrable wood.
It stands there, rooms rather, in the middle of the road.
It approaches.
It sniffs.
At the bus is hot, hood, powerfully and rearly.
High at the church, homely at the house, or face at the house.
The main force is sure to perfectly harmonize.
Some of the passengers exclaim and whisper, childishly, softly, sure are some creatures.
It's awful, horny.
But it's a she.
Taking the time, she looks the butt over.
Grand of the world, please.
Why do we feel, we all feel, the sweet sensation of joy?
Curious creatures,
is our quiet driver's rolling door.
Look at that, will you?
And he shifts gears.
For a moment longer, by craning backwards, the moose can be seen on the moonlit macadam.
Then there's a dim smell of moose, an acrid smell of gasoline.
Thank you.
For this wonderful book of letters, I was just thinking there probably will not be another like this.
I mean, there won't be one again, but I don't think this number of letters will be written by anybody.
It's partly the telephone, it's partly other things, but in reading in those suspicious letters,
people who have received them over the years, they all knew what a treasure they were, and that they weren't going to receive anything like this from anyone else.
But of course, she was a traveler, and that caught one to write letters, but partly away from home and away from your old roots.
But you're seeing new things all the time, which interest you, and therefore you have something to say.
For a recipient sitting at home, his letters or her letters in reply always start, nothing new here.
Which is true, but there's always something new on the road.
I'm just going to read very short little shippersprunk letters.
They're all to Mary and Moore, and they're all about fish or animals or something like that.
It seems to me I'm thinking of this, I think, especially early on.
Perhaps she wrote to Miss Moore rather deliberately finding the animal and the fish things.
Alyssa Bishop's interested.
I don't think Mary Hadmore ever went fishing.
I can't imagine that she did.
And I rather doubt that she ever had a dog or a cat.
Her interest, Elizabeth mostly, in her points in her letters are acute, direct observation, but of course it's the observation of a special imagination.
And Mary Ann Moore, wonderful in a very different way, had a kind of National Geographic policy of exotica and so on.
Well, here are just a few little dogs and cats and fish
to Ms.
Moore.
Let's see.
Here's the first one.
It's from Florida, 1937, 50 years ago almost.
The other day, the other day I caught a bullfish who began to puff up as I pulled him in.
Three pelletons immediately rushed over, building up
holding up their tremendous bill, and my chap, the blowfish, who was just mad, okay, is that all right?
Now I'll throw it right into one's mouth, into one of the pelican's mouth, I guess.
At that time, most of Rome was as big as a large size balloon, and a poor skeleton was very puzzled as to what to do with him.
He piled off with the other two after him.
Then he dropped the fish and another snap stick.
They kept it up to play a pile like a basketball game.
The fish was clever enough to keep blown up all the time.
Finally, he chose the right moment, deflated, disappeared in a week.
The telecons turned back to watch our lives again.
Most of them telecons had brown and brown heads, but once in a while,
You see what looks like a fine wig of rough-eyed black.
That's a kind of old thing.
Now this is written shortly after.
Here now, I think she knew this would interest Mary Ann Moore, because Mary Ann Moore could not possibly have had such an experience, which is this.
The purpose of my trip to Fort Myers was to see Ralph Allen wrestle with his... I have to get you.
I suspect I wouldn't be up to that myself.
I also had to give a lecture and exhibit of Smith.
I still wish you had seen it, Ms.
Moore.
I'm so sure you would have liked it.
He had two tremendous diamondback rattlers.
They cocked balloons with their fangs, and you could see the venom springing out.
It was in a floodlight.
Then he exerted venom in a cocktail glass and put it on a little white table.
The rattling sound was like a sawing machine.
He had some other beautiful snakes,
especially one called chicken snake.
The hole that was called snake is too small to exhibit.
But I have seen some lovely ones and some puff adders.
Did you know when the pump rider plays dead and rolls on his back, a little blood comes prickling out of his mouth?
Now that then poor Mr. Allen, who she had been living on, she was making this, what do you call, social calls to the alligators.
It's time to, like birds calls, time to imitate what an alligator does.
And so they respond.
Now let me see, where are we now?
All right, here's her two calves, who is rather famous in his family, became rather famous in her letters.
This is from Rio, some years later, actually, in Los Angeles.
The most extraordinary people, she turned out here, I don't know why, but she said, Lata, that's her friend,
Lata has sold one of her places to a famous Polish moon man.
Now what he's doing down there is Patroclus out right here, I don't know, but there he is.
And you just have to drive down the mountainside for two minutes to see a black jaguar, a camel, and the most beautiful bullets in the world.
I think of you, Mr. Miss Morley, on every minute view,
The zoo man.
I can't believe this myself.
We have no common language.
Stay near Toucan for my birthday.
He or she, the Toucan, is barely tame and mischievous, brought coins around the room, brought off with a toast at breakfast, black with electric blue eyes, with blue and yellow marked beak, blue feet, and red feathers.
Uh, here and there, the feathers, she says, she writes, Mount under the frame like a sunset.
Okay, I didn't like the frame as Uncle Sam.
So I'll read Uncle Sam up here again.
All right.
Just a little more.
It must have been the whole time trying to find what I'm doing here.
OK.
Yeah, some days it took him time.
A neighbor built him a very large cage.
It's hard to both see it.
A neighbor built him a very large cage in which he's quite happy.
I did him back to the garden hose.
Someone also bought him a pair of big
He has two marriages, one a sort of low rival and he's quite gentle if he's clean or cranky, the other that I must admit is a shriek.
Family.
Just maybe one more.
Where am I?
Oh, these little cards keep falling out.
Oh, it's a cat and a man who can.
Family has flown things for cats.
It's named The Cat Cavalier.
It's a beauty and so good and hardworking.
I have no idea what you're doing.
Maybe he's eating all those lizards.
So good and hardworking.
We couldn't keep house without him.
One night he started, one night it started to pull off.
that Mr. Ray was using, and I'd forgotten to put the cover on time to hold.
I watched out, and he would stand straight up like a stick, with his beak pointing to heaven, and his eyes shut tight, and the water falling down on him.
I was just told that he could make himself go home.
I suppose it was a fantastic trip.
but he looked exactly like Van Custenburg's bike.
I'd like to read two poems about Greenville and a letter from Greenville.
The first poem is about...